efe
heritage that without fear sing
we are the light that shines in the
morning
we are the voice and this love
get up in this song
the force
it gets more
how are we
the heart
then this state
good friends we are finalizing already with
this casting of choreography for the
opening of the festival youth free one
24 young people
selected to make a single body
the body of Christ 'and a single team
that is youth free see you on 5
july avenue paseo caroni in the city
guayana so it's going to be a time
extraordinary bring your friends
because there are thousands and thousands who
attend this youth festival
I am more a warrior
thanks for the support to all the people that
he gave us the space that in the church
the king's house thank you also for the
support and all the shepherds
they continue to integrate all the leaders
leaders who are integrating the
different churches in the city ​​to
be part of this great festival
together with my wife we ​​work so that
God do extraordinary things through
of youth in venezuela and the world
blessings we are free youth